My engagement ceremony with Mu Yan will be held tomorrow
I hope you will all enjoy coming
Congratulations congratulations
The marriage of the Jiang family and the Zhao family is a major event in Beihai
How can my Zhang family be absent?
do not say
Do you really want to marry Jiang Wenxin?
Why so suddenly?
Mr. Xiao
You are someone else's boyfriend now
Stop caring about other women
Mu Yan about tomorrow's engagement party
I have something to discuss with you.
Let's go first.
Uncle Zhang Auntie Zhang
Then we'll be sorry
OK
Brother Wuji, are you alright?
There must be wine in this matter
I know you and Xiao Wuji were once engaged
Although you have publicly announced the lifting
But I can see it.
You're still in love with him
Everything that happened today was too sudden
If you regret it
I can go and explain to the Zhang family.
Talk about today
Just a misunderstanding